# HospitalTransactions
Data Source &amp; Data Cleaning Steps for Data Analysis Project.

Data Dictionary:
The data dictionary defines the various data fields included in the hospital transaction dataset. Here are some of the
key fields:
TransactionID: Unique identifier for each hospital transaction.
Date: Date of the transaction.
RevenueAmount: The amount of revenue generated by the transaction.
ExpensesAmount: The amount of expenses incurred for the transaction.
Doctors_FirstName: Doctor's first name.
Doctors_LastName: Doctor's last name.
Doctor_Gender: Doctor's gender.
Specialty: Doctor's medical specialty.
PatientID: Unique identifier for each patient.
Patients_FirstName: Patient's first name.
Patients_LastName: Patient's last name.
Patients_Gender: Patient's gender.
ProcedureName: Name of the medical procedure performed.
Category: Category of the medical procedure (e.g., Surgery, Radiology).
LocationID: Unique identifier for the hospital
location where the procedure was performed.
Country: Country where the hospital is located.
City: City where the hospital is located.
State: State where the hospital is located.
PostalCode: Postal code of the hospital location.

Data Cleaning Steps:
Using Power Query:
a) Removing Blank Rows 
b) Merging of the Doctors_FirstName & Doctors_LastName columns. Also the Patients_FirstName & Patients_LastName columns.
c) Fixing of the formatting of the date columns to correctly display the dates and not text.

Data Modelling Steps:
Created a date table for appropriate reporting of the date fields.
